improve documentation (#86)
legend-exp/legend-pygeom-hpges: docs/source/manual.md

  "enrichment" to define the detector material,
- `geometry` : gives the detector geometry in particular, `groove` and
  `pp_contact` describe the contacts of detector.
- Optional `extra` sections enable special features (e.g. cracks, top grooves, bottom
  cylinders) for specific detector types.

Other fields can be added to describe different geometry features (more details
in the legend metadata documentation).

### Supported geometries

- PPC: {class}`~.ppc.PPC`
- BEGe: {class}`~.bege.BEGe`
- Semi-coax: {class}`~.semicoax.SemiCoax`
- ICPC (inverted coax): {class}`~.invcoax.InvertedCoax`

> - Special asymmetrical variants: {class}`~.p00664b.P00664B`, {class}`~.v02160a.V02160A`,

Reviewer: what variants...

```

```{image} images/bege.png
:width: 70%
:align: center
```

The [remage tutorial](https://remage.readthedocs.io/en/stable/) gives a more
complete example of using legendhpges to run a simulation.

## Tips and troubleshooting

- Ensure coordinate arrays are shape `(N, 3)` in `(x, y, z)` with units of mm.
- A {class}`NotImplementedError` is raised by distance methods for solids that
  are not {class}`pyg4ometry.geant4.solid.GenericPolycone`.
- If you pass a custom `material`, it must be associated with the same
  {class}`pyg4ometry.geant4.Registry` as the detector.
- If your metadata sets `production.enrichment` to `None`, material construction
  will fail; provide a valid enrichment or pass an explicit material.

## Extending

New detector variants can be added by subclassing {class}`~.base.HPGe` and
implementing {meth}`.base.HPGe._decode_polycone_coord`. For asymmetric shapes,
override {meth}`.base.HPGe._g4_solid` to build a CSG subtracted solid.

> This class is also the basis of the [_legend-pygeom-l200_ implementation of the
> LEGEND-200 experiment](https://github.com/legend-exp/legend-pygeom-l200).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This package is also used in the [_legend-pygeom-l200_ implementation of the
LEGEND-200 experiment](https://github.com/legend-exp/legend-pygeom-l200).
```

```

```{image} images/bege.png
:width: 70%
:align: center
```

The [remage tutorial](https://remage.readthedocs.io/en/stable/) gives a more
complete example of using legendhpges to run a simulation.

## Tips and troubleshooting

- Ensure coordinate arrays are shape `(N, 3)` in `(x, y, z)` with units of mm.
- A {class}`NotImplementedError` is raised by distance methods for solids that
  are not {class}`pyg4ometry.geant4.solid.GenericPolycone`.

> - If you pass a custom `material`, it must be associated with the same
>   {class}`pyg4ometry.geant4.Registry` as the detector.
> - If your metadata sets `production.enrichment` to `None`, material construction
>   will fail; provide a valid enrichment or pass an explicit material.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
